Remove confusing automatic work queue creation mention (#11651)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/concepts/work-pools.md

### Work queues

!!! tip "Advanced topic"

>     Prefect will automatically create a default work queue whenever needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Prefect will automatically create a default work queue if needed.
```

Reviewer 2: +1

> Work queues can be used on hybrid style work pools to offer advanced control over how runs are executed. Each hybrid work pool has a "default" queue that all work will be sent to by default. Additional queues can be added to a work pool to enable greater control over work delivery through fine grained priority and concurrency. Each work queue has a priority indicated by a unique positive integer. Lower numbers take greater priority in the allocation of work. Accordingly, new queues can be added without changing the rank of the higher-priority queues (e.g. no matter how many queues you add, the queue with priority `1` will always be the highest priority).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Work queues can be used on hybrid-style work pools to offer advanced control over how runs are executed. Each hybrid work pool has a "default" queue that all work will be sent to by default. Additional queues can be added to a work pool to enable greater control over work delivery through fine grained priority and concurrency. Each work queue has a priority indicated by a unique positive integer. Lower numbers take greater priority in the allocation of work. Accordingly, new queues can be added without changing the rank of the higher-priority queues (e.g. no matter how many queues you add, the queue with priority `1` will always be the highest priority).
```

> Work queues can be used on hybrid style work pools to offer advanced control over how runs are executed. Each hybrid work pool has a "default" queue that all work will be sent to by default. Additional queues can be added to a work pool to enable greater control over work delivery through fine grained priority and concurrency. Each work queue has a priority indicated by a unique positive integer. Lower numbers take greater priority in the allocation of work. Accordingly, new queues can be added without changing the rank of the higher-priority queues (e.g. no matter how many queues you add, the queue with priority `1` will always be the highest priority).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Work queues can be created in hybrid work pools. They offer advanced control over how runs are executed. Each hybrid work pool has a "default" queue that all work will be sent to by default. Additional queues can be added to a work pool to enable greater control over work delivery through fine grained priority and concurrency. Each work queue has a priority indicated by a unique positive integer. Lower numbers take greater priority in the allocation of work. Accordingly, new queues can be added without changing the rank of the higher-priority queues (e.g. no matter how many queues you add, the queue with priority `1` will always be the highest priority).
```
